DOC-2578: Fixed Caret Position when closing Comment Mentions dropdown (#3525)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.6.0-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **<Premium plugin name 1>** plugin, see: xref:<plugincode>.adoc[<Premium plugin name 1>].

=== Comments

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Comments** premium plugin.

**Comments** Premium plugin includes the following fixes and improvements.

==== The caret in comment textarea returned to its previous location before closing the mentions menu by selecting with the mouse.
// #TINY-11453

> Previously, when closing the Mentions dropdown in a Comment textarea by clicking away, the logic for handling the caret position did not account for changes made by mouse-clicks.
> 
> As a consequence, the caret would revert to its previous location before the Mentions dropdown was closed. This behavior provided a poor user experience and could confuse users who expected the caret to remain where they clicked.
> 
> In {productname} {release-version}, the logic for handling the caret position after closing the Mentions dropdown has been improved to address this issue.
> 
> As a result, the caret now remains in the position where the user clicked to close the Mentions dropdown, providing a more intuitive and consistent user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when closing the Mentions dropdown in a Comment textarea by clicking away, the caret would revert to its previous position, disregarding the user’s mouse-click location. This issue occurred because the logic for handling caret positioning did not account for mouse interactions, resulting in a disjointed and confusing user experience.

In {productname} {release-version} this issue was addressed. Now, the caret now accurately reflects the user’s intended position when the Mentions dropdown is closed via a mouse-click.
```
